Fix UndefinedFunctionError in show_vars task (#26)
Shimmur/env_var_provider: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## [0.5.2] - 2020-06-18

>   - Ensures source module is compiled before the mix `show_vars` task runs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Ensures project is compiled before the mix `show_vars` task runs.
```
